.\" C-SCHOOL Manual Page
.TH CSCHOOL 1 "May 6, 2026" "C-SCHOOL" "C-SCHOOL Manual"
.SH NAME
cschool \\- a futuristic Linux-style programming school
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cschool
[timing] [track] [--help]
.SH DESCRIPTION
C-SCHOOL is an interactive programming school teaching low-level concepts
from bits to kernels. No abstractions. No hand-holding. Just real code.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B track=kinderroot
Ages 5-10, first concepts in bits, memory, and logic.
.TP
.B track=byteforge
Ages 10+, Python -> C -> Systems. Build real programs.
.TP
.B track=core
Advanced: Assembly, pointers, OS kernels, embedded systems.
.SH TOPICS
.TP
.B LINUX
Filesystem, shell basics, system admin, networking, kernel concepts.
.TP
.B C
Syntax, pointers, memory management, data structures.
.TP
.B PYTHON
Basics, OOP, scripting, automation.
.TP
.B ASSEMBLY
x86_64 assembly, CPU architecture, registers.
.TP
.B CORE
Mental models, computational thinking, problem solving.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B ls
List available courses and tracks.
.TP
.B cd [topic]
Navigate to a topic directory.
.TP
.B cat [file]
View course material.
.TP
.B vim
Open the integrated vim editor.
.TP
.B man [topic]
View manual pages for topics.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
DISPLAY
Sets the display timing (50%=faster, 100%=normal)
.TP
THEME
Sets the color scheme (see COLORSCHEMES)
.SH FILES
.TP
~/.c-school/profile
User profile and settings.
.TP
~/.c-school/progress
Learning progress tracking.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by the C-SCHOOL team.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/codingsqurl/nvim-c-school/issues
.SH SEE ALSO
vim(1), bash(1), man(7), linux(1)
.SH COLORSCHEMES
One Dark, Monokai Pro, Night Owl, Tokyo Night, Dracula,
Gruvbox, Nord, Everforest, Catppuccin, Ros\\('e Pine,
Andromeda, Hybrid, Paper, Pencil, Tomorrow Night.